tomatin go to run away commingled a
10-10 tago mago yo you gotta try local
sana et Mario sarana dostana i'm sitting
on and neck ear candy table data table
man right here put your person k mogy
okay i gotta watch it kid it hella cool
pack here come on you know she told
table mother at school monger oh you
there's a few nuts this you wanna know
oh oh oh this is my baby wha you can
hold it gonna yes if you hold it by the
next and then by here yeah you can look
inside there's his name that was he or
she I never have named any of my lucky
Akkad on but I name this one because oh
girl yes the name is gorilla the name is
gorilla gorilla when I guess a gorilla
could be a girl but she's about two
hundred and two hundred seventy-five
years old I think Wow look old she's
from from Venezia Bennett mama so viola
is not a sexy instrument it's kind of a
more oh yeah I only need a consumer is a
friend or a man you run into out of
but I think the sound is actually very
beautiful and equally beautiful in
different way pune enjoy a new renter
anger what's going to rent a home on me
she um it's a for many years you know I
we didn't have any money for my family
so I borrowed I borrowed instruments I
was lucky and I've sort of worked really
hard and hmm this is like good morning
yeah this is mine it's my help hahaha
it's my I always say I don't want to
ever say what dollars it is but it's
like house it's like I'm carrying around
how more than a house so what it rains
it's like I have to like I have to sleep
under sleep under the viola because it
basically is my house Tony's are young
Jagger engine coos home chabake you so
much about you yeah do you shoot is a
fool sure if ya
ha
uh
cool atashi string string band concubine
you know sugar don't have a job were
little hungry I never that's okay well
to get ahead pero no me molesta nikka
yes haha good one Turkish head on over
this to my my biological mother is she's
handicapped and not is able to give so
much of a mother role as I guess the
conventional mother so I I was very
lucky I had my my grandmother very